c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.dll.config
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.dll
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.pdb
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\CodeCop.dll
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.dll
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\CodeCop.xml
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.pdb
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.xml
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\obj\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.dll
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\obj\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.pdb
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\obj\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.dll
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.dll
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Elasticsearch.dll
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.pdb
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.xml
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.pdb
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.xml
c:\users\rbarbosa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Elasticsearch.xml
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.dll.config
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.dll
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.pdb
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\CodeCop.dll
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.dll
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.dll
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.dll
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Elasticsearch.dll
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\CodeCop.xml
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.pdb
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.xml
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.pdb
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.xml
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.pdb
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.xml
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Elasticsearch.xml
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\obj\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\obj\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.dll
C:\Users\RBarbosa\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ElasticSearch.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\obj\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.pdb
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.dll.config
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.dll
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.pdb
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\CodeCop.dll
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.dll
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.dll
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.dll
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.ElasticSearch.dll
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\CodeCop.xml
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.pdb
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Elasticsearch.Net.xml
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.pdb
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.xml
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.pdb
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.xml
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.ElasticSearch.xml
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\obj\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\obj\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.dll
C:\Projects\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop\obj\Debug\Serilog.Elastic.CodeCop.pdb
